[oneMKL] dft::descriptor copy and move (#487) (#490)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneMKL/source/domains/dft/descriptor.rst

after use of the function :ref:`onemkl_dft_descriptor_set_value` to set values 
of all necessary parameters.

> The copy constructor copies by value.

Reviewer: Personally I would understand "copy by value" as a shallow copy, meaning any pointers/references are shared. I think we want the copy constructor to create a deep copy.

Author: Using "deep-copy" in [9f90533](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec/pull/490/commits/9f9053386a24e589f26254ba79f7157a693803aa).

> The copy constructor is a deep copy of the constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The copy constructor performs a deep copy of the descriptor.
```

**Descriptor class member table:** :ref:`onemkl_dft_descriptor_member_table`

.. _onemkl_dft_descriptor_assignment_operator:

Descriptor class assignment operators
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> The assignment operators allow assignment operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think its fine without this.

Author: Done in [9f90533](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec/pull/490/commits/9f9053386a24e589f26254ba79f7157a693803aa).
